feat(inputs.icinga2): Support collecting hosts,services and endpoint metrics (#12506)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/inputs/icinga2/README.md

[[inputs.icinga2]]
  ## Required Icinga2 server address
  # server = "https://localhost:5665"
  ## Collected Icinga2 objects ("services", "hosts")
  ## Specify at least one object to collect from /v1/objects endpoint.
  # objects = ["services"]

  ## deprecated in 1.26.0; use the `objects` array-based option

>   # object_type = "services"

Reviewer: Can we please remove this lines. I think having the _recommended_ way of configuring the plugin in `sample.conf` is the right thing to do.

[[inputs.icinga2]]
  ## Required Icinga2 server address
  # server = "https://localhost:5665"

>   ## Required Icinga2 object type ("services" or "hosts")
>   ##   deprecated in 1.26.0; use the objects option
>   # object_type = "services"
>   ## Collected Icinga2 objects ("services", "hosts") from /v1/objects endpoint
>   # objects = ["services"]
>   ## Metrics from /v1/status endpoint ("ApiListener", "CIB", "IdoMysqlConnection", "IdoPgsqlConnection")
>   # status = []

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

  ## Required Icinga2 object type (e.g. "services", "hosts")
  ## Specify at least one object to collect from /v1/objects endpoint.
  # objects = ["services"]
  
  ## deprecated in 1.26.0; use the `objects` array-based option
  # object_type = "services"

  ## Collect metrics from /v1/status endpoint
  ## Choose from: 
  ##     "ApiListener", "CIB", "IdoMysqlConnection", "IdoPgsqlConnection"
  # status = []
```

  ## Required Icinga2 server address
  # server = "https://localhost:5665"
  
  ## Icinga2 object type ("services" or "hosts") from /v1/objects endpoint

>   # objects = ["services", "hosts"]

Author: Sorry, I haven't noticed the deprecation framework. I've added the deprecation notice. Is it ok, to leave it without removal version? Or should I set it to a version in a far away future? e.g. `2.0`?

>   # objects = ["services", "hosts"]

Reviewer 2: I would set it to `2.0` for now.

>   # objects = ["services", "hosts"]

Author: In test mode it now prints this message, when `object_type` is specified
```
2023-01-18T14:14:53Z W! DeprecationWarning: Option "object_type" of plugin "inputs.icinga2" deprecated since version 1.26.0 and will be removed in 2.0.0: use 'objects' instead
2023-01-18T14:14:53Z W! DeprecationWarning: Option "object_type" of plugin "inputs.icinga2" deprecated since version 1.26.0 and will be removed in 2.0.0: use 'objects' instead
2023-01-18T14:14:53Z I! Starting Telegraf 1.26.0-89845d68
```
Now sure why the message is displayed twice, but otherwise it looks good.

  ## Metrics from /v1/status endpoint

>   # status = ["ApiListener", "CIB", "IdoMysqlConnection", "IdoPgsqlConnection"]

Reviewer 2: The values in the config file are the defaults. As such this should be empty and you can add these as an example.

Author: Sure, I've updated the config.

  # insecure_skip_verify = true
```

### Deprecated in 1.26.0

> Please change e.g. `object_type = "services"` to `objects = ["services"]`.

Reviewer: I would remove those lines too.
